Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In this video we are going to start building our models will make the same model twice.
And to save our time we'll build it now and later on we'll just copied the first model we will create
is going to be the normal model.
The same will be created in the previous sections as well.
It is only here for comparison reasons.
Let's call it model normal.
And as always we are going to use these dot carers those models and then we are going to use sequential
to define the model itself execute the cell and now we can add our first layer to it since this is going
to be our fully connected network.
The first layer is going to be the dense one or fully connected one so use to have DOT cameras dot layers
and we are going to use dance because we want fully connected layer the first layer is going to have
128 units and the activation function here is going to be really then we are going to define input shape
considering this is our first layer and it is going to have seven hundred and eighty four inputs because
that is the size of our image and the first layer is defined.
Now it's time to add the second layer to our model.
It is going to be the drop out one to prevent over fitting as much as possible.
We are going to set the rate to zero point two.
So that means that each time we are going to drop 20 percent of neurons in the first layer executed.
Now we are ready to define our output layer which is going to be the dance layer as well.
So we will say these dot carers dot layers dot dance because it is our output layer the number of neurons
is going to be the same as the number of classes and in our data set we have 10 different classes and
activation function here is going to be solved Max execute a cell.
And our model is successfully created.
The only thing left to do is to compile it.
So type model normal dot compile will have to provide a few arguments to the function.
So first one is our optimizer and just right optimizer equals two and say Adam the next argument is
our loss which is going to be as always when we have multiple classes sparse categorical cross entropy
and the last thing to add is our metrics the metrics are going to contain sparse categorical accuracy
to make it easier just copy the loss and instead of cross entropy type accuracy execute a cell in our
model is successfully created and that's our normal model.
If you have any questions or comments please buzz them in the comments section otherwise I'll assume
the next tutorial.